Is it not poisoned?
This trial management is the long-lost Seven Immortals Begonia
Colorless and odorless
without a trace
It's hard to defend against.
It is the number one poison in the world
Are you really all right?
Impossible, could it be that you took the antidote before?
Antidote what is antidote
Arrogant seventh, stop talking nonsense
My master has already drunk it
Next, it's your turn.
But a friendly reminder
There is no antidote in one of these three halls
Fu Zhi must die without a doubt
Seventh, what are you waiting for?
Aren't you a veteran poison master?
As a servant of the Chen family
Can't you even compare to a hairy boy?
timid and inferiority complex
They don't taste good.
Mr. Ouyang
Are you all right?
It's okay, do you think I've changed?
Mr. Ouyang
You won, please.